{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro to go on book front leaf, and maybe on the web site somewhere:\
\
Hello and welcome to the Amber Society!\
\
Congratulations, holding this book in your hands makes you a member of the Amber Society. \
\
The Amber Society is a group of people who share ideas, share stories, and share these books with each other. It's a worldwide group of travelers, storytellers, artists, and just plain good friends who want to share what they know about the world with you, our newest member. Maintaining your membership is easy. Just write, paste, or in some way leave your mark in this book and pass it on to a friend. You'll be sharing with them not just the contents that lies in these pages, but also giving them their own membership in the Amber Society. \
\
But wait, there's more! Log on to http://www.ambersociety.com and you can register that you have had custody of this book, and you can connect with other people who have also written in the pages of this book, and you can track this book's progress as it travels around the world, friend to friend. \
\
So what should you put in this book? Whatever you want! You can share your favorite poem, a passage from a book, a famous quote that means a lot to you, photos, drawings, pressed flowers, whatever. Then write your name and city and anything else you want in there, and give it to someone else to add their own piece of creativity. When the book fills up, you can send it back to the Amber Society, and we'll post the best of it on our web page (with your permission, of course), and send you a free blank new Amber Society book to start anew. You can put as much or as little as you want in your Amber book, because it belongs to you until you decide to give it as a gift to your friend. \
\
\
The Amber Society world tour!\
\
It's time for the Amber society world tour. This is where we send "retired" Amber books back to their original owners so they can see what has been added to it since it passed through their hands. What is a retired Amber book? It's a book whose pages have been filled with the musings and masterworks of its various owners, and has been returned to the Amber Society in exchange for a fresh, new, blank Amber book. The retired book has been scanned for the Amber Society archives, and sits in our library. Every so often, we dust them off and send them back out to people who bought them originally so they can see what has been done with the book since it was in its new, pristine state. Then, they can send it on to who they gave it to, or send it back to the Amber Society forward on to the next person in the chain. \
\
\
Why Amber Society? \
\
We chose the name Amber Society because amber is an amazing substance. Made from fossilized tree sap, a lot of amber has insects and other creatures trapped within. After being trapped for millions of years, the amber was dug up in different places in the world, and we can find out what the world was like all that time ago. We thought it fitting to use amber for our name because what you put in your Amber book is a snapshot of your world when you wrote in it. The world may go on and change, but what you wrote in there is stored for future eyes to see, and to see the world through someone else's eyes. If you get the opportunity to see your Amber book in the future, you can see first hand how your world has changed since you put your thoughts down on paper. \
\
\
What to do when your Amber book is full\
\
When you've filled every last page of your Amber book, there's obviously no more practical use for it. There are two things you can do with it:\
1) The "Rewind" - with the rewind, you give the book back to whoever gave it to you, they give it back to who gave it to them, and so on. This way, everyone who had the book can finally see what the people who had it after them wrote it in. It allows someone who gave an Amber Society book as a gift who knows how long ago to see what they wrote and watch the world change through the pages of that book. There's nothing quite like getting a completely full Amber book back during a rewind (or a world tour, which is basically the same thing.) \
2) The Archives - this just means that you send the full Amber book back to the Amber Society. In return, we'll send you a brand new, blank Amber book, that you can start fresh and give to a friend like you would have done with the old book, had it not been full already. We'll scan the pages of the book and put it on our website at http://www.ambersociety.com, and you can see what others have put in the book. Later, we'll send the book on a "World Tour", which basically means we'll send it back to the first person who bought it, and they'll give it to who they originally gave it to so they can see what people who had the book after them added to it. \
\
\
The Archives\
\
When an Amber book has completed its journey from friend to friend, it may end up in the Amber Society archives. If we get an Amber book back full from traveling the world, we'll scan the pages and put them online for people to see. If your item is put online, you get to decide who is allowed to see it (i.e. only people who have already seen it, everyone who once owned that book, or anyone who is an Amber Society member, or anyone with internet access.) If your item is one of our top picks, you may get it published in an Amber Society book, where we'll take your work and put it in a book for sale to the public. Of course, those books will also be Amber books themselves, so future members of the Amber Society will get to read your words or look at your artwork. \
\
\
I've given my Amber book to a friend, now what?\
\
Now you can watch your Amber book travel the world! On our website, you can log in under your username and track the Amber book or books you have given. You can see where they've been and where they are now. You can also contact people in your Amber chain - the people who have had your book at some point. You can also start your own Amber chains by buying blanks books at the Amber Society store. In fact, you can track just about any gift on our website. Just register for an Amber Society ID and you can tag anything you want with it. Then, whoever you give that item to can log onto http://www.ambersociety.com and we'll treat it just like an Amber book! }